Installed Artix.

Artix doesn't use systemd, which is considered significant.  I needed a minimal
OS that works well and that I know.  Gentoo's issue is that it takes a while, so
I might lose focus while waiting hours for some packages to compile.  Gentoo
would be preferable if I could dial those times down.  Short of making a
dedicated computer or a computing cluster for compilation, that is infeasible.

I've had many issues with systemd in the past the render it frustrating as an
init system when I need things to "just work".

Other OS candidates disqualified:

	Ubuntu (and variants): Pulseaudio is frustrating to work around.  Best
	to not use it.

	Debian: Need newer packages, and I've run into issues in the past with
	using their test repositories.

	Windows: A lot of the free things I use are not available or usable on
	Windows.  Jack alone is very difficult for me to set up with few issues.

	FreeBSD: I'd be lucky if my drivers were to work.  I did not try this,
	but I may in the future.  This would be the most preferable OS to use if
	available.

-----

Problem: qmidiroute was crashing whenever it probably couldn't update its GUI.

Solution: Use a window manager that allows windows to update themselves at all
times.  Awesome seems to do the job, but Ardour seems to zombify itself if it
isn't on the same tag.

-----

Problem: Can't process audio and midi quickly enough (occasional xruns).

Possible solution: Compile a realtime OS kernel using the package in the AUR.

-----

Problem: Ethernet is name really weird; "enp0s31f6".

Possible solution: Figure out udev renaming.  Would like to rename to eth0.

-----

Problem: Novation Circuit and Lunachkey 49 appear as audio devices and are
listed first over the alsa device.

Workaround: Ensure those devices are unplugged at boot.

Possible solution: Set audio device or figure out how to renumber them.

-----

Problem: Too many windows.

Possible solution: Better window manager.

-----

Problem: Control keys meant to toggle on board the Launchkey 49 don't toggle.
Keys such as the track control buttons below each volume slider.

Possible solution: Write a state-aware midirouter in the vein of qmidiroute.

-----

Intermittent problem: Line input does not work sometimes.

-----

Intermittent problem: Keepass sometimes doesn't copy to primary selection.

-----

Problem: XTerm fonts are too tiny by default.

Solution: Add this as a line to ~/.Xresources and read the file using xrdb in
.xinitrc: "*VT100.font:   10x20".
